validation checks here. If
you have some type
of front end VITES
or Jest tests, this
would be the place
to run those. That'll
increase the confidence you
have that your front
end codebase is
correct. And it'll give
your agents the ability
to correct the issues
as they come up.
And then we have
something really cool here,
something brand new. So
I'm gonna just copy
all this and let's
go ahead and run
this. And then we'll
talk about what exactly
is happening here. So
let's fire this off.
Our agent's gonna run
top to bottom. You
can see I have
a couple instructions here.
Run in order top
to bottom. If you
want to take any
issues, stop and resolve
them immediately. Then rerun